Dear Colleague , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! We will comply with all removal 
requests . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1621 ; Title 4 , Section 309 ! Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 10 WEEKS . 
Have you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone 
& most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU use 
credit cards on your website and decrease perceived 
waiting time by 140% ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Prof Ames of 
Alaska tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
. We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . You will blame yourself forever if you don't 
order now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 40% . Thanks ! Dear Sir or Madam ; This letter was 
specially selected to be sent to you . If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our mailing list ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1620 , Title 3 
; Section 302 . This is different than anything else 
you've seen . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 49 months ! Have you ever noticed people 
will do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills 
& society seems to be moving faster and faster ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you decrease perceived waiting time by 150% plus 
SELL MORE . You are guaranteed to succeed because we 
take all the risk ! But don't believe us ! Prof Jones 
who resides in Tennessee tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich many more things are possible" ! We are licensed 
to operate in all states ! You have no reason not to 
act now . Sign up a friend and you get half off . Thanks 
. Dear Friend , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our club ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1620 , Title 6 , Section 305 ! This is not multi-level 
marketing ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 38 weeks . Have you ever noticed how 
many people you know are on the Internet and nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep plus increase customer response by 160% ! 
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us ! Prof Simpson who resides in Idaho tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
! We are licensed to operate in all states ! We IMPLORE 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 30% . Thanks .
